Push filters beneath ProjectSet if they target `standalone` outputs. (#8912)
crate/crate: blackbox/docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

Changes
=======

> - Added an optimization that allows to run predicates with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added an optimization that allows to run `WHERE` clauses on top of derived tables containing table functions more efficiently in some cases.
```

Wouldn't refer to "standalone select items" - I think that doesn't make a lot of sense for end-users.

Author: thanks! updated
